#chinese interpreting skills#

today we did some more practice in class.

the prfessor asked if we came across any problems when practicing. i did not say anything. next time i need to speak up and tell him about the issues i have come across. 

a speech usually contains 3-5 main ideas. so there are indeed more main ideas than what i expected. 

it is better to produce a content that is vague and right than producing something that is accurate but wrong.

do not mess up with the main ideas. while it sounds scary, i do not think that one can actually gets the main or even the secondary ideas wrong if he listenning to the speech actively and not let the notes interfer too much.

the beginning and the conclusion of both the oringinal speech and your interpretation are incredibaly important. they matter in the oringinal speech because there are places where main ideas reside. they matter in the latter interpretation becuase you need to have a good introduction to feel confident and set the scene, and a good concluison to impress the guest. and therefore enhance the oerall quality of your interpretation.

in the first round of practice. i did not get the head word that expresses the core meaning of a sentence down. it is important that you understand these head words and make sure you do not miss them out.
these words/phrases usually carry at least the secondary ideas if not the main ideas of the speech. 

i was interfered by the source language. i produced some syntactically awkward sentences in interpretation.

PLEASE DO WATCH OUT THE 所以呢， WHICH YOU USED AS A FILLER. IT IS EXTREMELY DANGEROUS BECUASE 所以呢 INDICATE IMPORTATN LOGIC CORRELATION. YOU COULD END UP HAVING MAJOR DISTORTIONS.

do not get the agent of the action wrong. if you want to say that something is the idea of the speaker, you had better really make sure that it is the speaker's opinion.

a trick when interpreting a list of causes/reasons/etc.... do not say 第（数字）个原因是。。。just say 下一个原因是。。

记笔记重要的是记下理解的结果。不是记原文的单词。

#review the notes#

you shuold have the numbers attched to something else.
for example. do not just write down 500 punds salary. you have to know is it a salary for a month or a year to make the number meaningful.



