MODL5044M interpreting skills 

i felt better in today's class comparing to yesterday, mainly as i think at least i am not far behind the others.
the tutor told me to listen to the record after i go home, as he think i have some misuasage of words, and that can influence the meaning. 
i feel like i am not very sensitive to some subtle differences between meanings in words, this is dangerous in my interpretation. even the slightly difference in words can lead to change of context of my interpretation.

one thing about memorizing is that memory can be recalled when they are attached to something. memory itslef must not stand alone. therefore today i tried to attach the memory to the fingers. it worked fine, i will continue to use this method and improve it where needed.
you have to organize the information into chuncks. human beings can only remember _+7 units in there working memeory, with the size of the unit being flexible. so if you can organize your memory into 8 units (chunks). it would be very easy to recall.
so this go back to active listening. you have to work out what is more important than others, for example, what is the topic sentence? what are the main ideas. then identify the logic relation between the information points, so that you can link them together. 

not all information is equal in one speech. you have to establish this understanding. 
one way of practicing this is to have a piece of written material at hand. then identify the main points of each section.

you need to connect between what you know about this particular area with the speech you are listening to. but pleased be warned that you can not add too much additional information into your interpretation when it is not there in the original speech.

apart from the attaching memory to fingers technique, another thing that made my day easier is that i started to predict what would come next in a speech. this helped me organizing the idea and identify the logic.

your interpretation has to sound fluently and makes sense. that is probably why public speaking skills are so important to an interpreter. 

non-verbal clues, including intonation, stress, pause, and voice volume, they all have meanings, pay attention to them. 

the structural shape of any speech is like a tree. as an interpreter, your tree has to look like the tree of the original speech. 


#the peer practice#

when i tried to slow down and use more of the non-verbal clues more often, i got positive feedback. the listener said that this assisted in their understanding of the whole speech.
but i need to have more pauses in my interpretation. pauses are crucial, as they serve to emphasize, and can give the audience more time to think about what is being said, and therefore make your speech easier to be understood.
i found that the "answering yourself" technique very useful in interpretation, as it makes your stand clear and therefore makes your speech easier to follow. 


