#self-practice#

pay attention to the agent of the action. especially when it refers to the speaker itself!


#translation theory#

in journalism translation. the role of translator is intertwined with that of a editor. translator = editor. 
when editing foreign news. you need to consider the genre of the news, who are your target audience, how about the news relevance.
in journalism translation. when we are to translate a piece of news. the sole strategy we can use is DOMESTICATION. we want the news to be acceptale and attractive for our custormers,

#translation theory seminar#

there is an assignment (translation commentary) due on 3rd JAN 

when writing the commentary, you sould bare in mind that you are not writing for a layperson. the audience of your writing is your tutuor. therefore, do not waste words on explaining basic concepts.
also, you sould pick up issues that conver all the linguistic area (e.g. morpohlogical speaking...sytactically speaking...). focus on multiple issues that are really eye-catching for your tutors.
and with regards to glossing. gloss in a way that suits your purpose. for example, if you are to explain a translation problem in syntactic level, you do not necessarily have to use word to word gloss.
when you are trying to gloss a sentence. gloss directly under the source sentence, not in breckets. 



#interpreting skills#

always put active listening prior to note taking

pay attention to the agent of the action 

i failed to recall a complete introduction again, as i could not decipher my notes.

do not try to note down the exact words/phrases. your ntoes should represent your understanding of that certain part of the speech.
only take notes after you understand the speech! 
the reason you sometime can not decipher your notes is that you are not trying to make sense of that certain part of the speech, as you are busy trying to note down the exact words. do not do that.

do not add addiitonal content into your interpretation. they only makes your interpretation worse by adding in chances of distortions. your interpretation is supposed to be shorter than the oringinal speech anyway.

you fluency of speech needs to be improved when interpreting from chinese to english.
