MODL5044M English as a retour 

today's class focused on the non-verbal aspect of the speech. we watched two videos of speech. the first one iwas not very impressive for the following reasons:
1. the structure of the speech was not particularly clear. she was off topic for a little while. also, she listed too many examples, and when you overuse too mnay exmaples, your speech souds disorganised.
2. the speaker did not have intonation in her speech, therefore the monotonous of the speech. 
3. there were some fillers and hesitations 
4. she applied stress and emphasis in worng places, resulting in misunderstanding.
5. her conclusion did not echo the introduction. 

a well-structured speech should have an intro and a conclusion echoed with each other, like a well-written essay. the main idea of (and some key words of the speech) the speech should be repeated several tiems in the whole speech, so that you inform the audience that you are on the track.

the correct usage of non-verbal signs are crucial for a good speech.
i definitely should have stresses, pauses, and intonation in my presentation, as they inform the audience which part of the utterance is more important than others, where to pay attention to, give them time to predict what will come next, what's your stand in the speech. overall, these sins make your speech easier to follow.

i did not do very well in today's one-miniute speech. i did not THINK LIKE A NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKER, and instead, i did some translation job in my mind. this is the kind of thing that only occurs in primative speakers, you should not do that again. when you're speaking in english, do think in english. 
today my topic was 'drinking water', i immediately related it with the practice we did yesterday, and therefore i tried to repeat the speech from yesterday. i actually could not remember it very well, therefore hesitations occured. i did not change my plan of recalling the speech from yesterday, so i failed the one-minute speech due to the hesitations.
i also did not apply the pauses, intonations, or stressess as told in class, therefore the failure.

