#consecutive without notes#

today we got deeper into note-taking. this class introduced us some note-taking techiniques.
but it began by informing us why to take notes.
from my understanding, note taking should serve as a build-up skill upon all your existing skills.
so yes it is challenging to do the multi taksing, but you performance is expected to be better when you incorporate note-taking. 
more specifically, the structure,the completeness, and the accuracy of your speech is expected to be better.

note taking should provide clues for your memory. the word on your note should not represent just a word. it should reprent the idea. and the prerequsite of note-taking is defenitely ACTIVE LISTENING.

notes should be the ABBREVIATION OF KEY WORDs    

links are very important. sometimes they are expressed clearly in the speech, sometimes they are implied, but you should always work them out. they belong to the left sdie section of your notes.

your notes are your meta language. they are language free. you do not have to write in a specific type of language.

a good consecutive interpretation should be 60% ACTIVE LISTENING & 40% note-taking 

the first tutor encourages us to develop our own note-taking system by practicing transcribing the speech transcription with our note-taking system.

so i figured you cannot have too many notes when you are actually doing consecutive interpreting. BUT, for the practicing purpose (i.e. for you to develop your own note-taking system), you should do note-taking with for example speech transcription.

i am still not used to the vertical & diagonal shift of note taking. i should attentionally keep my notes that way.
also i need more eye-contacts with the audience. i did a pretty bad presentation today. the biggest reason was that i did not fully understand the oringinal speech, which contains many proper nouns i did not manage to catch, also, the spekaer was talking fast.
i did not manage to fully understand my notes when i later try to present my interpretation. so i need to develop a beteer system of note-taking.
i was focusing on revising the what was said in the previous section of the speech, and therefore did not ANTICIPATE when listening, whch is a breach of ACTIVE LISTENING. i therefore should not do that again.

ANTICIPATE what is probably going to be talked about next is IMPORTANT.

when actually doing consecutive interpreting, your notes should be BRIEF.

things to put into the margin: TIME, SPEAKER'S OPINION, LINKING WORDS.



