MODL5044M Stefan

Today's interpreting class was still about active listening and recalling, but more focused on #numbers#.

I was suprised to learn that most numbers in a speech aren't actually matter much. but of course they matter if they have impacts on the main ideas of the speech.

Often numbers in a speech are either, very large or very small, and they are either going up or doing down. as long as you can recall the "gernal size" and the "trend" of a number, which is a secondary information in a speech, you are good.

this afternoon when i'm on that lame bus goiong back home. i will try the visualization training. i will probably try memorize a passing post or billboard and maybe check tomorrow whether i am correct? sounds fun haha. 

regarding my performance of interpretation today, it was not good. i was confused by the numbers and unfamiliar names, and i also got the order of events wrong. i should not giving too much attention to most of the numbers, which are the secondary info of the speech, as they interfere with the construction of main ideas and main structure.

how to identify and grasp the main ideas of a speech? i sould work more on that. 

as an interpreter, not all the words are the same in a speech. some of them stand out from the others. for exmaple, words that represent logic orders (e.g. causla relation, negation, additional info..etc) are those worth paying attention to. they assist you building the visual structure of the speech.

don't know if Curtis have time for my summerizing practice haha. but i will try to persuade her. 




MODL 5212M specialized translation 

the tutor really did not say much on class. most of the time was for group discussion. and the next half of the class was dedicated to some political content, delivering by a guest speaker...

also, that tutor's feedback on assignment was really shitty. i checked with my classmate, we got the same comment. WTF?

but one thing i did learn from that class was that when doing Eng.- Chin., we really need to keep our sentence short. 
