#self practice at home#

distortion in conclusion 

do not eat too much before an assignment

listen to the radio (news) and read news articles. you need symbols for words that come up repetitively. but you definitely do not need a thousand symbols standing for eveything you come across!
do not try to note everything down when you are doing interpreting.

economic articles & opinion articles are good for practice

##interpreting skills seminar##

issues with consucutive with note taking 

#numbers 
 
some times u do not need the precise number. if u find it difficult to note down the precise number. just leave out the less important figures. for example, for 175,987. you can just note down "around 175000."
bare in mind that it is the reference of the number that is far more important than the numbers themselves.

#data de-emphasize (due to lack of confidence)

to over come this problem. you can do the same speech again when this issue occurs. if you are sure that you hear it correct, do not afriad to say it.

#how to approperately pair up active listening and note taking

you should always listen more and write less.
when you focus too muching on writing, the following issues occur:

1. you can decipher your notes as you can recognize it. u were trying to speed up your writing when taking more notes.
the notes are supposed to be precise and concise and unambiguous. it is useless when you can not recognize it.
to solve this problem, note less, listen more. 

practice: only taking notes AFTER you finish listening to the whole speech.


#mess up intro and conclusion
both sections are important for a successful interpretation.

for intro, try to note EVEN LESS. 
as u are supposed to listen more to get what the speech is going to be about. u can remember the intro i promise with even fewer notes.

for conclusion. you can write what you want to say in whole sentences. but ONLY AFTER THE SPEAKER HAS FINISHED THE SPEECH!! do not start to write down sentences when the final part of the speech is still being delivered.
(some times i miss out ideas in conlcusion. i think that is because that i start to write down sentences when the speaker has not finished)

#miss out links & frames 

ur notes should be efficient. interpreters are supposed to onlu take notes after comprehension, but at the smae time are supposed to anitcipate what is going to be said next.
u can only do this when ur notes are efficient. when u do not have to put so many thins down.

practice: listen to speech, and only note down the links & frames. 
the purpose of this practice is not to interprete the speech. it just serves practicing capturing links & frames.


#when u can not tkae any notes as a particular section of the speech as it is too difficult. make sure that you leave enough blank on ur notes so that u know that sth has been left out.

##

i was suprised today that i did not think of translating my symbol system. 
i have been creating symbols in source language all this time! i should really get start to think about how the symbols work in Chinese. 
i am supposed to take note AFTER processing the information. so it only makes sense if my symbol system is based on Chinese instead of English.
glad i realized it today. 

##specialized EN-ZH translation 

when a particular thing does not work when rendered into chinses (basing on ur uderstanding of chinese culture), dump the word, focus on the meaning. what is the writer really wants to emphasize, what idea the write wants to pass on?

    

