#ininterpreting skill#

the mid semester exam of consecutive interpreting is between 3 to 4 min long, with the difficulty level being between beginner and intermediate, and the topic being within the topics of the first 6 weeks.

with note-taking, yur interpretation should have improved completeness and accuracy. 

some tiems links are overt, they are indicated by linking words in a speech.
but many links are not expressed explicitly in the speech. you have to deduct them yourself and use them in your interpretation.

the structure of you notes should really reflect the structure of the whole speech. this works. 
you should arrange the details and less important information on the right side of the note, and arrange the more important ones on the left side of the notes.

the beginning and the end of the speech or even each idea trunck is very important. today i missed the topic sentence and the conclusion sectences, whihc are happen to the most important information in that idea trunck.

i stopped ACTIVE LISTENing today when its my turn of doing interpretation. because i still need practice (1000 hour principle). 

i did not use some of the symbols that i developed. this indicates that i need some modifications on my symbol system. but also, i need practice more to become used to them.

your notes should be the results of your understanding of that certain part of the speech. after ACTIVE LISTENING.

your notes should not be bullets points. they do not make sense unless you know how to connect them.

you have to start to interprete 3 seconds after the speech ends 

i failed to deliver a good interpretation today.
becuase i relied too much on my notes. where i had difficulty reading my notes, i failed to interprete.
my notes were also not clear enough. i should wirte down less, but in a much clearer way.

as an interpreter, your interpretation should make sense on its own.

agent of the action is important.

be extra carrful with the words that can add tones in your interpretation.




