#introduction to notetaking#

today the tutor introduced note-taking to us. note-taking is not the ultra solution and it does not magically solves all the problems. 
it helps (or should help) with the overall structure of the speech, numbers (e.g. time), names
it helps with the examples

but, note that note-taking is just an instrument that can help you MEMORIZE. your note should be nothing more than symbols that can remind you of the content of the speech.

DO NOT TRY TO NOTE DOWN THE EXACT WORD THE SPEAKER HAS SAID. THIS DOES NOT WORK. you should have your very own META LANGUAGE.
some of your meta language may happen to look like words, but remember they never just stand for that word. 
DO NOT ATTEMPT TO READ YOUR NOTES.

do not dump all the presentation skills. do not stare at your notes all the time, make eyecontact with the audience.

today i had my first go at notetaking. that was not very successful. cuz i could not understand my own hand-writing when i referred back to my notes.
i did not know exactly how the speech opens up. it is IMPORTANT to TAKE EXTRA CARE OF THE INTRODUCTION & THE CONCLUSION. good beginning and good conclusion make more than half of a good speech.

today we also get touched to some tricks of how to use the note pad. i am skeptical about the S V O thing, not the inclined part though. cuz the chinese syntax is quiet different from the English one, so does the S O V thing work for us? this is a question to be anwered.

to start i can just note down the linking word, and realy the rest of the speech on my memory to avoid over-note-taking. 

you absolutely can not write down too much. perhaps you want to note down the linking words (they help you recognize the structure of the speech), tense (when the thing happens), tone (what is the "atmosphere" of that section of the speech).
and as stated priviously, you want to be PRECISE about the INTRODUCITON and the CONCLUSION.

note-taking should be placed AFTER active listening. you cannot interprete without knowing the speaker's intension.

when doing note-taking, make sure that it is the derverbalization of stuff you've heard and understood.


#public speaking#

today we tried to analyze the speech from M.L.K. i learned that when you decide to use metaphor when giving presentation, instead of using several metaphors, you can just use one and stretch it to the whole speech/paragraph.

#specialized translation#

语言有时会太啰嗦， 应该精简语言。
翻译出来的中文要通顺。
要考虑读者感受，要能让人读懂。


